Docs wizards (#800)
input-output-hk/partner-chains: docs/intro.md

**Prerequisites**

none

**Output Files**

- `pc-resources-config.json` Contains basic networking, ports and path settings
- `partner-chains-public-keys.json` Contains aura, grandpa and sidechain public keys

**Running the wizard**

```shell
$ pc-node wizards generate-keys
```

#### prepare-configuration
The `prepare-configuration` wizard will guide you through the configuration needed to create a
governance authority. The main output of this wizard is the `pc-config.json` file.

**Prerequisites**

- The `ogmios` service must be up and running
- The wizard will ask for the payment signing key file `payment.skey`.
- The payment address must be funded

Please refer to the `cardano-cli`
[documentation](https://developers.cardano.org/docs/get-started/cardano-cli/get-started/#generate-a-payment-key-pair-and-an-address)
for details on how to create keys.

**Output**

- `pc-chain-config.json` Contains partner chain properties
- `pc-resources-config.json` Contains basic networking, ports and path settings

**Running the wizard**

```shell
$ pc-node wizards prepare-configuration
```

#### create-chain-spec

The `create-chain-spec` wizard creates a chain specification based on an existing

> `pc-chain-config.json` file (which can be generated using the `prepare-configuration` wizard). The resulting chain specification file is ready to be distributed to block production
> committee candidates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pc-chain-config.json` file (which can be generated using the `prepare-configuration` wizard).
The resulting chain specification file is ready to be distributed to block production committee candidates.
```
line break

**Prerequisites**

- `pc-chain-config.json` Contains partner chain properties
- `pc-resources-config.json` Contains basic networking, ports and path settings

**Output**

- `chain-spec.json` Substrate chain specification

**Running the wizard**

```shell
$ pc-node wizards create-chain-spec
```

#### setup-main-chain-state

The `setup-main-chain-state` wizard configures the D-parameter and permissioned candidates list on the main chain.

:warning: These operations require transaction fees, so the payment key must be funded with ADA.

> :information_source: The transactions performed by this wizard can

Reviewer: unfinished sentence

**Prerequisites**

- `pc-chain-config.json` Contains partner chain properties
- `chain-spec.json` Substrate chain specification
- The payment key address must be funded

**Running the wizard**
```shell
$ pc-node wizards setup-main-chain-state
```

#### start-node
The `start-node` wizard starts a partner chain node

**Prerequisites**
- `pc-chain-config.json` Contains partner chain properties
- `chain-spec.json` Substrate chain specification

**Running the wizard**
```shell
$ pc-node wizards start-node
```

#### register1

> The `register1` wizard is the first out of three steps in registering a node as committee

Reviewer: I would group all 3 register commands under a common heading "register commands" and explain that: 1) they're three steps of the same process, 2) give short description of the steps; and then proceed to document them. Eg.:
```md
#### register commands
The wizard splits the SPO registration process into three separate steps, each performed as a separate command to allow operations requiring use of cold keys to be performed on a separate machine. These steps are:
- `register1`: Selects the UTXO to be used for registration and creates the command for the next step
- `register2`: Creates and signs the register message. This command needs access to a cold key.
- `register3`: Submits the registration transaction using signed message obtained from previous step.

##### register1
....
```

candidate. The wizard will prompt users to select a UTXO which is going to be consumed in the
registration process that follows.

> After selecting a UTXO the wizard will print a `register2` wizard command invocation for generating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After selecting a UTXO the wizard will print a `register2` wizard command for generating
```

the machine where `register1` was executed before to conclude the registration.

**Prerequisites**
- `cold.skey` A private Cardano stake pool signing key

**Running the wizard**
```shell
$ pc-node wizards register2 --genesis-utxo <GENESIS_UTXO>
      --registration-utxo <REGISTRATION_UTXO>
      --sidechain-pub-key <SIDECHAIN_PUB_KEY>
      --aura-pub-key <AURA_PUB_KEY>
      --grandpa-pub-key <GRANDPA_PUB_KEY>
      --sidechain-signature <SIDECHAIN_SIGNATURE>
```

:information_source: The actual values will be provided in the `register1` output.

##### register3
The `register3` wizard is the third and final step in registering a node as committee candidate.

**Prerequisites**
- `pc-chain-config.json` Contains partner chain properties
- `chain-spec.json` Substrate chain specification

**Running the wizard**
```shell
$ pc-node wizards register3 --genesis-utxo <GENESIS_UTXO>
	--registration-utxo <REGISTRATION_UTXO>
	--sidechain-pub-key <SIDECHAIN_PUB_KEY>
	--aura-pub-key <AURA_PUB_KEY>
	--grandpa-pub-key <GRANDPA_PUB_KEY>
	--sidechain-signature <SIDECHAIN_SIGNATURE>
```

:information_source: The actual values will be provided in the `register2` output.

#### deregister

> The `deregister` wizard removes a candidate from the committee. The candidate is identified by the
> genesis-utxo it was registered with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `deregister` wizard removes SPO registration as a committee member candidate.
```
